l_english:
 njdiplo1_desc:0 "The position of New Jersey is a fragile one, with enemies wherever we look. Whether we stand alone or find allies among the newly shattered USA, action must be taken"
 njdiplo2.1_desc:0 "The power to preserve and expand New Jersey lies within us, wihin our people, and within our mighty armies. None shall dispute this by the time we are through"
 njdiplo2.2_desc:0 "In this new world, allies msut be found quickly, lest we are washed away by the mighty powers on our borders"
 njdiplo3.1_desc:0 "The army is the first natural place to look to when discussing our survival. Supplies and manpower for it must be a priority"
 njdiplo3.2_desc:0 "The first stepping stone of safety is to find allies. We will find them, and then solidify our ties. This will set the foundation for an alliance to dominate the Northeast, the Organziation for the Defense of the Eastern Coast, or ODEC"
 njdiplo3.3_desc:0 "Of the two giants on our borders, Pennsylvania boasts greater ties to us. They are our path to safety"
 njdiplo3.4_desc:0 "New York, a powerhouse in every regard, whether military, industrial, or economic, is the natural protector of our state"
 njdiplo4.1_desc:0 "Delaware is a fellow state in our situation, an ant surrounded by giants. Our ties to them will form the foundation of the first membership of ODEC, whether they want them to or not"
 njdiplo4.2_desc:0 "Our relationship to our overlord will be that of a little brother, learning and being guided by the senior"
 njdiplo5.1_desc:0 "A strong military requires many men to form its basis. New conscription laws will devote the men neccesary to our military"
 njdiplo5.2_desc:0 "In event of a war, failing a successful first strike, we may find ourselves on the defense. Construction of forts along our land borders will help in case of this eventuality"
 njdiplo5.3_desc:0 "Threatened by Pennsylvania just as us, Maryland is a natural ally against the states who seek to steal away our independence"
 njdiplo5.4_desc:0 "Connecticut is a small state, but in event of a war with New York every bit will help. They will no doubt be grateful for protection against their other neighbors as well"
 njdiplo5.5_desc:0 "With our interests on land secured due to our new partnership, it may be a good idea to look towards the security of our coasts"
 njdiplo6.1_desc:0 "Despite the obvious existential threat psoed by our neighbors, some still think we are fine. They must be taught why they are wrong"
 njdiplo6.2_desc:0 "With our land borders secured to the best of our engineer's abilities, the skies must now be looked to. The industrial prowess of our opponenets cannot be ignored, and with it, their capacity to produces planes. A large anti-air production program will help even the odds"
 njdiplo6.3_desc:0 "All that border the collosii that are Pennsylvania and New York must realize what a threat they are. We will extend our hand in friendship, and hope they know what is best for them"
 njdiplo6.4_desc:0 "A bigger population gives a bigger pool to acquire intelluctuals from. Perhaps our friends will be willing to share?"
 njdiplo7.1_desc:0 "In a war against a nation that outweighs us in terms of manpower, every item we produce must be worth two of theirs. Through quality of our arms and army we will overcome those who seek to steal our nation!"
 njdiplo7.2_desc:0 "Although we only cooperate militarily with our allies, perhaps we could pool our research efforts as well, in the interest of betterment for all"
 njdiplo7.3_desc:0 "A big brother must look out for his siblings, and do what is best for them. If their best interests are not in his heart, then who can tell what the results will be..?"
 njdiplo8.1_desc:0 "War is inevitable, this we know. Throughout history there has not been a peaceful nation. A commitee of our finest minds, dedicated to its study, can only prove advantageous"
 njdiplo8.2_desc:0 "With our ties growing ever closer, perhaps this is time for all nations in ODEC to start a great leap forward, and expand our industry with trade as its facilitator"
 njdiplo8.3_desc:0 "Although not all ODEC members have access to the Eastern Seaboard, the ones that do could benefit from cooperative naval development"
 njdiplo8.4_desc:0 "With our landward interests secured, perhaps it is time to look beyond the obvious, for opportunities that are at first not apparent. A Carribean outpost could only be of benefit to us..."
 njdiplo9.1_desc:0 "Our struggle with Pennsylvania is inevitable. The threat they pose only grows with each passing days. Even now, our top military minds draft plans upon plans to use against them. This will give us the tactical upper hand, at least for a while"
 njdiplo9.2_desc:0 "The New Yorkers are arrogant, confident in their military might the thwart our every plan. While they focus on brawn however, we will use our brains. Extensive planning and preparation will give us the upper hand for the starting months of the inevitable conflict between us"
 njdiplo9.3_desc:0 "Having closer ties with our allies could not harm us, and perhaps it could even pave the way for a future endeavor of ours"
 njdiplo9.4_desc:0 "With our Carribean interests secured, it is time to reap the benefits. With proper execution, we can control much trade, although we should bolster our naval power if possible"
 njdiplo10.1_desc:0 "Strike while the iron is hot, is what we hear. Every day we wait, the enemies industrial prowess only increases, and in turn their military. We gain nothing from delay, we must strike!"
 njdiplo10.2_desc:0 "Our only chance in defeating a stronger opponent is to make use of surprise, planning, and every bit of ingenuity we can get. A pre-emptive strike should unbalance New York to a degree where we can have a hope of victory. Forwards!"
 njdiplo10.3_desc:0 "With our relations better then ever, now is the time to realize a plan conceived long ago, and embrace our fellow members of ODEC into our state in a great union to destroy those who would oppose our freedom and peace. If any resist, they will get their due"
 njdiplo11_desc:0 "Our great foe is felled by the might of our arms and the might of our minds. Today is a day of rejoice, but even before celebration we must decide how to reap the benefits"
 njdiplo12_desc:0 "The American legacy is that of a great nation felled by internal strife. We will claim this legacy but not make the same mistakes. We will endure for a thousand years!"
 njdiplo1:0 "Our Position"
 njdiplo2.1:0 "Strength"
 njdiplo2.2:0 "Safety"
 njdiplo3.1:0 "The Army of New Jersey"
 njdiplo3.2:0 "The ODEC"
 njdiplo3.3:0 "Follow Pennsylvania"
 njdiplo3.4:0 "Follow New York"
 njdiplo4.1:0 "Delawarean Ties"
 njdiplo4.2:0 "Little Brother"
 njdiplo5.1:0 "Introduce Conscription Laws"
 njdiplo5.2:0 "Our Own Defense"
 njdiplo5.3:0 "Invite Maryland"
 njdiplo5.4:0 "Invite Connecticut"
 njdiplo5.5:0 "Look to the Coasts"
 njdiplo6.1:0 "War Propaganda"
 njdiplo6.2:0 "Protect Our Skies"
 njdiplo6.3:0 "Envelop the Threats"
 njdiplo6.4:0 "Technological Expertise"
 njdiplo7.1:0 "Quality First"
 njdiplo7.2:0 "Unified Research"
 njdiplo7.3:0 "Big Brother"
 njdiplo8.1:0 "War Planning"
 njdiplo8.2:0 "Joint Industrial Development"
 njdiplo8.3:0 "Joint Naval Development"
 njdiplo8.4:0 "Expansion Overseas"
 njdiplo9.1:0 "Prepare Against Pennsylvania"
 njdiplo9.2:0 "Prepare Against New York"
 njdiplo9.3:0 "Closer Ties"
 njdiplo9.4:0 "Caribbean Dominance"
 njdiplo10.1:0 "The Western Threat"
 njdiplo10.2:0 "The Northern Colossus"
 njdiplo10.3:0 "Integration"
 njdiplo11:0 "Triumph"
 njdiplo12:0 "American Legacy"